# Vuepress

In this example we will be deploying a simple "Hello World" example with Vuepress.

### Getting started with Vuepress

First we need to install Vuepress as a development dependency running using `npm` or `yarn`, for this entire example we will be using `npm`:

```
npm install vuepress --save-dev
```

Next we need to add the Vuepress scripts to our `pacakge.json` file:

```json
{
    ...
    "scripts": {
        "dev": "vuepress dev docs",
        "build": "vuepress build docs",
    },
    ...
}
```

After we having installed Vuepress we are ready to start creating our docs using Markdown! Let's start by creating the `docs` folder which will contain all of our Markdown files with a `README.md` and the following code in it:


```
# Hello From Vuepress on Now 2.0!
```

Next we will create another section called Guide by creating a folder called `guide` with a `README.md` and the following code in it:


```
# Example Guide Section
```

Lastly we will create one more readme inside the `docs` folder but in this case we well call it `config.md`


```
# Example Guide Section
```

Now we are ready to configure Vuepress. We can do it by creating a folder called `.vuepress` inside the `docs` folder with a `config.js` and the following code:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  title: 'Vuepress',
  description: 'This is a Zeit Now 2.0 example',
  themeConfig: {
    nav: [
      { text: 'Home', link: '/' },
      { text: 'Guide', link: '/guide/' },
      { text: 'Config Page', link: '/config' },
    ]
  }
}
```

### Deploy a Vuepress version to Now

First we need to create a `now.json` configuration file to instruct Now how to build the project.

For this example we will be using our newest version [Now 2.0](https://zeit.co/now).

By adding the `version` key to the `now.json` file, we can specify which Now Platform version to use.

We also need to define each builders we would like to use. [Builders](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview/) are modules that take a deployment's source and return an output, consisting of [either static files or dynamic Lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/builds/#sources-and-outputs).

In this case we are going to use `@now/static-build` to build and deploy our Vuepress application selecting the `package.json` as our entry point. We will also define a name for our project (optional).

```json
{
    "version": 2,
    "name": "vuepress",
    "builds": [
        { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build" }
    ]
}
```

Visit our [documentation](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) for more information on the `now.json` configuration file.

We also need to include a script in `package.json` named `"now-build"` that specifies what command Now will run on the server to "build" your application. Also notice that we are using `mv docs/.vuepress/dist dist` to move all the files generated by the `vuepress` from the `docs/.vuepress/dist` folder to the `dist` folder which Now identifies as the static folder.

```json
{
    "scripts": {
        ...
        "build": "vuepress build docs",
        "now-build": "npm run build && mv docs/.vuepress/dist dist"
    }
}
```

We are now ready to deploy the app.

```shell
$ now
```
